## Some things never change
6<sup>th</sup> June 2017

As we sat in a booth sipping our overpriced hot chocolates and eating our overly sweet pancakes we both came to realise two things: One, we had become two very different people, and two, we hadn't changed one bit. "Some things never change" became our little saying for the night, invoking it at the end of our stories to prove we were still the person the other remembers from years ago.  

A group of us walked into a pub near my house that was recently famous for someone dying after a fight broke out. Despite the negative press it was a nice pub that showcased local artists work on the walls, I guess the locals were the problem... We were there to see the release of our friend's new EP. We grabbed a beer and found our friend sitting on a bar stool, guitar in hard, eyes closed, singing the chorus of first track on the new album. We stood there smiling, watching, he was playing to a close group of friends and family. After about five minutes I caught a glimpse of her. I turned to my friend and said "I'm 90% sure that I just saw ______!" He turned around and said "not 90%, 100% mate." Now at this point I must admit I didn't handle this situation as best I could. I kinda froze up and made everyone around me feel a bit uncomfortable, mainly my current girlfriend. It had been well over 2 years since we last saw each other, which may not seem like much, but when you're 22 at the time that's 9% of your life. She was working at the pub and it didn't take her long to spot me. She quickly rushed over, said hello and gave me a hug before running off again to collect empty glasses scattered around. Our group ended up sitting down at a table in the corner and my girlfriend strategically placed me where I could see my mate play guitar but had my back to the rest of the pub. It was an awkward drive home in the car. I tried to apologise for how I reacted. I legitimately thought I would never see her again and it really just caught me off guard. I decided to stop trying to justify my behavior because I knew there would be more argument to come after I organised a catch up with her.  

I was the one who made contact first. I had to. I wanted to catch up with her but I had no idea if she wanted to catch up with me. I realised my chances were good when her reply contained 4 whole sentences. Not that the number 4 is special, more that it wasn't a one word response as was the experience the last time I tried to catch up with someone from the past. Our catch up date was set and because I am a smart man I told my girlfriend about it, I've also learnt this lesson from previous experiences. She wasn't too happy about it but wasn't going to stop me either. It was hard to explain why you want to catch up with a love interest from the past, but I tried. Our history is this: We worked at the same local supermarket. The check-out chick and the produce boy would be the title of the soap opera if it were to be made. Believe it or not, she was the one that showed interest in me first. I honestly thought it was a prank that the front-end girls were playing on me because she would definitely be placed in the overpopulated box labeled: Girls out of my league! She said it was refreshing the way I was around her (the same I am around everyone else). I remember her once saying "No one has ever spoken to me like that" when I tried to deduce as much as I could about her life. I must've said a few things that hit home. Anyone that knows me would say I suck at small talk but when I feel comfortable it is hard to shut me up. And boy was it a struggle for her to get a sentence in. I'd always drive home and feel guilty about the verbal diarrhea she had to deal with. It was I that eventually ended it, before it even began really. Rather than trying to explain it in sentences, here is the conversation I had with my mate who was playing at the pub when he later asked me what happened:

**Him**: So what the hell ended up happening?
**Me**: I had to end it, out of guilt.
**Him**: What the fuck are you talking about?
**Me**: If we went into a serious relationship I would feel awful. She had these amazing dreams of travel and adventure and I was already settling into a full time desk job. She wanted to see the world, and I wanted to save for a house deposit. If she stayed with me, I would have felt guilty every day for ruining her dreams.